Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
KALIN KESSLER?
YOU WERE ONCE
OUR FRIEND.
ONCE YOUR FRIEND, YES,
BUT NOW... YOUR ENEMY!
[SCREAMING]
Kalin: I COULD'VE
GIVEN YOU EVERYTHING,
BUT YOU WERE TOO SCARED!
YOU KNEW THE ONLY WAY THAT
SATELLITE COULD BE OURS
WAS IF WE ELIMINATED
EVERY THREAT!
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
CCAPAC APU,
POUND THIS PATHETIC SIGNER
INTO THE DARKNESS!
[GRUNTING]
Kalin: WHAT WAS IT
THAT TOURNAMENT MC
STARTED CALLING YOU?
SATELLITE'S SHOOTING STAR?
MORE LIKE SATELLITE'S
FALLING STAR.
SEE YOU AROUND, YUSEI.
Man: GRIEGER, I GIVE YOU
NEW LIFE AS A DARK SIGNER!
Crow and Greiger: LET'S DUEL!
NOW COME FORTH, EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CHACU CHALLHUA!
[THINKING] HERE GOES EVERYTHING.
GO PERFECT STORM!
Both: GREIGER, IT'S US.
PLEASE HELP!
THE PEOPLE TRAPPED INSIDE
THIS EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
ARE MY BROTHER AND SISTER.
THAT MEANS THE CRIMSON DRAGON
ISN'T TO BLAME FOR THIS.
IT WAS THE DARK SIGNERS
WHO TOOK EVERYTHING
AWAY FROM ME!
Crow: BY RELEASING MY
LEVEL 8 SILVER WIND
I CAN DESTROY YOUR EARTHBOUND
IMMORTAL CHACU CHALLHUA!
OHH!
Crow: SO IS KALIN
NEXT, YUSEI?
YES. WE HAVE SOME
UNFINISHED BUSINESS
TO ATTEND TO.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[THINKING] GET READY KALIN,
'CAUSE HERE I COME!
[THINKING] YUSEI'S SURE GOT
HIS WORK CUT OUT FOR HIM.
I HOPE HE BROUGHT HIS "A" GAME.
YOU GUYS THINK
THAT YUSEI'S SCARED?
YUSEI'S NOT SCARED
OF NOTHIN'!
HE'S THE BEST
THERE IS!
GOOD TO SEE YOU
OLD FRIEND!
[GROANING]
[LAUGHS] THANKS FOR
STOPPING BY. [LAUGHS]
MY PLEASURE...
I SEE THAT YOU GOT
YOUR DUEL RUNNER
UP AND RUNNING AGAIN...
I WAS AFRAID THAT YOU
WEREN'T GONNA GIVE ME
THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SETTLE THE SCORE...
AFTER YOU SOLD ME OUT.
YOU'VE GOT IT
ALL WRONG...
DO I...
[LAUGHS]
NOW LISTEN UP,
THIS IS THE MOMENT
WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR...
AFTER THIS DUEL,
SATELLITE WILL BE ALL OURS.
YOU HEAR THAT SECTOR SECURITY!
THE ENFORCERS ARE GONNA
RUN YOU OUTTA HERE.
YOU CAN TRY BUT
YOU WILL FAIL!
YUSEI...? KALIN?
[MOANING GROANS]
KALIN!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
YUSEI!
[HEAVY BREATHING]
HUH?
GOOD JOB.
[CHUCKLES]
[GROANS]
AAH! HOW COULD YOU!
YUSEI! YOU SNITCH!
HOW COULD YOU SELL OUT
YOUR BEST FRIEND LIKE THIS!
YOU'RE WRONG, KALIN!
I...
AAH!
MARK MY WORDS,
YOU'LL PAY TRAITOR!
I'M NO TRAITOR...
[LAUGHS]
WELL YOU CERTAINLY
HAD ME FOOLED...
NOW LET'S SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL...
HEY GUYS, LOOK THERE.
IT'S YUSEI AND KALIN. HMM.
FOLLOW ME.
Leo: UM, ANYONE
BRING BINOCULARS?
NOW LET'S GET THINGS STARTED.
THE SHADOW DUEL'S
ABOUT TO START!
LOOKS LIKE YUSEI FOUND KALIN.
IT'S TIME OLD FRIEND.
TIME FOR WHAT...?
[LAUGHS] TIME
FOR ME TO SEND YOU
STRAIGHT TO
THE NETHERWORLD.
[THINKING] I CAN'T
BELIEVE THE SAME
PERSON
WHO ONCE
RISKED EVERYTHING
TO PROTECT ME,
IS NOW
THE SAME PERSON
DOING EVERYTHING
TO TRY AND HURT ME.
[SCREAMING, GRUNTING]
KALIN!
LISTEN! THAT RAIL
WON'T HOLD US!!
JUST LET GO!
YOU HAVE TO...
NO WAY!
YUSEI, WE'RE BROS...
IF YOU FALL THEN
I'M FALLIN' WITH YOU!
NOW QUIT... HANGIN' AROUND
AND CLIMB!
[THINKING] I KNOW THE PERSON
THAT WOULDN'T LET ME FALL
STILL EXISTS;
NOW IT'S TIME I GET HIM BACK.
I KNOW KALIN WAS ONCE OUR FRIEND
BUT DON'T LET THAT GET IN
THE WAY OF WINNING THIS DUEL.
Kalin: ALLOW ME
TO START THINGS OFF!
Duel runner computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE MIX THINGS UP...
FIRST ONE TO
THE FIRST CORNER
GETS TO GO FIRST!
Yusei: FINE!
[THINKING] LOOKS LIKE
SOMEONE GAVE THEIR RUNNER
A LITTLE TUNE-UP.
TIME TO SEE HOW
IT HANDLES...[LAUGHS]
[GROANING]
[LAUGHS]
LOOKS LIKE
I GO FIRST, YUSEI!
AND WITH MY FIRST MOVE,
I'M SUMMONING
INFERNITY NECROMANCER...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[THINKING] THAT CAN ONLY
MEAN ONE THING.
HE'S GONNA TRY AND PLAY
THAT HANDLESS COMBO
HE USED IN OUR LAST DUEL.
I THINK I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
IT'S TIME TO MAKE
YOUR MOVE YUSEI.
BUT REST ASSURED THERE'S
NOTHING YOU CAN PLAY
THAT WILL SAVE YOU
FROM MY WRATH.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!
[THINKING] KALIN, I REMEMBER
WHEN THINGS STARTED TO CHANGE
LIKE IT WAS YESTERDAY.
YOU, ME, CROW AND JACK,
WE ALL HAD EACH OTHER'S BACKS
AND THAT'S WHY WE WERE
ABLE TO MAKE SATELLITE SAFER
ONE DISTRICT AT A TIME.
WE STUCK BY EACH OTHER
THROUGH THICK AND THIN,
AND EVENTUALLY WE ACCOMPLISHED
WHAT WE SET OUT TO DO.
BUT YOU WANTED MORE.
OUR HOME WAS A BETTER PLACE
BECAUSE OF US
BUT YOU WEREN'T SATISFIED KALIN.
YOU CRAVED THE COMPETITION,
YOU NEEDED IT,
AND THAT'S WHEN THINGS
GOT OUT OF CONTROL.
Kalin: NOW LISTEN UP
ENFORCERS,
THE SATELLITE IS FINALLY
A SAFE PLACE
BUT WE CAN'T LET UP NOW.
WE CANNOT LET THE GANGS REGROUP.
SO WE HAVE A NEW MISSION
AND THAT'S TO GO OUT AND DESTROY
EVERY DUEL DISK WE CAN FIND.
[YAWNS]
HERE WE GO...
[THINKING] I DON'T LIKE THIS...
Yusei: GET BACK HERE!
AH! I'M TRAPPED!
Yusei: YOU GOT
THAT RIGHT!
THAT DISK OF YOURS IS
ABOUT TO BECOME HISTORY!
[GROANING]
TIME TO CHECK ON CROW.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
HAVE A NICE TRIP?
HUH? YOU'RE JUST A KID!
PLEASE LET ME GO...
GET OUTTA HERE.
HUH?
YOU HEARD ME.
NOW GET GOING!
THANKS... MOMMY...
[WHIMPERING]
WHY'D YOU LET HIM GO?
UHH! [CRYING]
YOU ALRIGHT...
NO. THIS ISN'T
WHAT I SIGNED UP
FOR YUSEI.
[SCREAM]
Both: HUH?
Kalin: YOU CAN RUN...
BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE!
[LAUGHS]
[WHIMPERS SOFTLY]
MAYBE NEXT TIME
YOU'LL THINK TWICE
ABOUT RUNNING FROM
THE ENFORCERS!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
KALIN?!
UHH!
NOW GET OUTTA HERE!
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET
YOU EVER DID THAT CROW!
[GRUNTING]
GET GOING KID.
CROW! KALIN!
STOP IT!
YOU...! HUH?
GET YOUR HANDS
OFF OF ME RIGHT NOW
YOU GOT THAT, YUSEI?!
[GRUNTING]
DON'T YOU GUYS SEE THAT
WE'VE BECOME THE THUGS
WE WORKED SO HARD
TO GET RID OF AROUND HERE?
IF THIS IS WHAT
THE ENFORCERS ARE
ALL ABOUT,
THEN I WANT OUT!
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING I'M THROUGH
BEING YOUR PUPPET!
CROW HOLD UP...
YOU CAN'T JUST TURN
YOUR BACK ON YOUR BUDDIES!
C'MON CROW!
THE ENFORCERS ARE
ALL YOU'VE GOT LEFT!
HUH.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
JACK?! CROW?!
STOP FOOLING AROUND!
[EXHALES] YUSEI!
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
LEAVE ME TOO ARE YOU?
I MEAN WE'RE FRIENDS, RIGHT?
Yusei, voice-over:
WHEN CROW AND JACK LEFT KALIN
I KNEW THEY WERE DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
BUT I DIDN'T HAVE IT IN ME
TO ABANDON HIM.
I KNEW WHAT IT WAS LIKE
TO BE ALONE...
AND NO ONE EVER
DESERVES THAT PAIN...
HURRY UP AND MAKE
YOUR MOVE, TRAITOR!
I'M SUMMONING...
MAX WARRIOR!
AND WITH THE POWER
OF MY WARRIOR...
YOUR BEAST'S A GONER!
[THINKING] I KNOW YOU THINK
I'M A TRAITOR KALIN,
BUT I'M GONNA RISK EVERYTHING
TO PROVE YOU WRONG!
[THINKING] I KNOW DEEP DOWN
THE ONLY WAY TO GET
THROUGH TO KALIN
IS TO COME AT HIM
WITH EVERYTHING I'VE GOT.
MAX WARRIOR ATTACK!
ARE YOU SURE
YOU WANT TO DO THAT?
YOUR WARRIOR'S
NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO OVERPOWER THE DEFENSE OF
MY INFERNITY NECROMANCER.
BUT IT WILL BE
ONCE I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY.
YOU SEE WHEN
THIS GUY ATTACKS,
IT GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS!
GO SWIFT RUSH!
[GRUNTING]
AND NOW, UNTIL
MY NEXT TURN,
MY WARRIOR LOSES
HALF OF ITS ORIGINAL
ATTACK AND DEFENSE
POINTS
AS WELL AS
HALF ITS LEVEL.
[THINKING] YOU MIGHT THINK
THAT'S A LOT TO SACRIFICE KALIN,
BUT THAT'S NOTHING COMPARED
TO WHAT I RISKED
WHEN I STAYED BY YOUR SIDE
AFTER JACK AND CROW LEFT...
Yusei: HEY KALIN,
CHECK IT OUT.
IS THAT... A DUEL RUNNER?
SURE IS.
SECTOR SECURITY THINKS
THEY'RE UNSTOPPABLE
BECAUSE OF IT.
ALRIGHT MEN, IT'S TIME
WE SHOW THESE DUEL GANGS
WHAT THESE RUNNERS CAN DO...
NOW LET'S ROLL OUT
AND DEAL SOME JUSTICE!
Officers: YES SIR!
THERE'S NO POINT
IN RUNNING.
YOU CANNOT ESCAPE
THE POWER AND SPEED
OF THIS NEW RUNNER.
FINE THEN!
I WAS GETTING TIRED ANYWAY!
I SUMMON SKULL KNIGHT
NUMBER 2.
YOU'LL REGRET THAT.
I SUMMON ASSAULT DOG
IN ATTACK MODE!
AHHH! I SURRENDER!
YOU WIN!
ARE YOU SAYING YOU WANT
TO TAKE ON SECTOR SECURITY?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE ENFORCERS
FIRST CAME TOGETHER
TO RID THE SATELLITE
OF DUEL GANGS.
AND WHAT WOULD BE
MORE FITTING
THAN FOR THE ENFORCERS'
LAST DUEL
TO BE AGAINST THE ULTIMATE
DUEL GANG... SECTOR SECURITY.
BY DEFEATING THEM, OUR HOME
WOULD TRULY BE OURS AGAIN.
NOW GO ROUND UP
JACK AND CROW!
IT'S TIME FOR
THE ENFORCERS TO REUNITE.
ARE YOU LISTENING
TO YOURSELF?
WE'LL ALL END UP
IN THE FACILITY!
WELL LIVING LIKE THIS IS
ALREADY A PRISON SENTENCE.
KALIN!
I'M SORRY... BUT I CAN'T
BE A PART OF THIS PLAN.
YOU'RE NOT THINKING
CLEARLY ANYMORE.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO
DO THIS,
YOU'LL HAVE TO DO IT
ON YOUR OWN.
WAIT, YUSEI!
[THINKING] I THOUGHT I WAS DOING
THE RIGHT THING KALIN.
I SWEAR IT.
I THOUGHT IF I LEFT
YOU WOULD NEVER GO AFTER
SECTOR SECURITY ON YOUR OWN.
BUT I SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN BETTER...
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT
ONCE YOU MADE UP YOUR MIND
THERE WAS NO CHANGING IT.
IT WAS YOU AGAINST
SECTOR SECURITY,
AND THE WAR WOULDN'T END
UNTIL ONE OF YOU
WAS FORCED TO SURRENDER.
ONCE I LEARNED THAT
CONFISCATED DUEL DISKS
PLANTED WITH ELECTRONIC
PULSE CHARGES
WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR WIPING OUT
SECTOR SECURITY'S MAIN FRAME...
I REALIZED THE FIRST MOVE
HAD BEEN MADE
AND THAT'S WHEN I KNEW
THAT I SHOULD HAVE STAYED
AND TRIED TO REASON WITH YOU...
INFORMATION IS POWER!
[LAUGHS]
AND WITHOUT IT,
YOU'RE NOTHING!
[LAUGHS]
CATCH ME IF YOU CAN COPPER!
TIME TO SEE WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF!
Crow: I SUMMON THIS FELLA!
HEY CROW!
HUH?
YUSEI SENT ME
TO GET YOU.
IT SEEMS KALIN ATTACKED
SECTOR SECURITY'S HEADQUARTERS!
HE DID WHAT?
WE GOT TROUBLE!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
YUSEI!
KALIN!
Officer: WE'VE GOT YOU
SURROUNDED SATELLITE!
NOW COME OUT
WITH YOUR HANDS UP.
READY?!
LOOKS LIKE OUR
FRIEND INSIDE...
HAS SOME COMPANY.
[THINKING] I HOPE
THEY'RE READY FOR A FIGHT,
'CAUSE I SURE AM!
[LAUGHS]
I KNEW IT!
I JUST KNEW YOU
WOULDN'T MISS THIS.
THE ENFORCERS ARE BACK
AND BETTER THAN EVER.
LISTEN KALIN, WE'RE NOT
HERE TO FIGHT.
WE'RE HERE TO TRY
AND END THIS.
YOU'VE GONE TOO FAR
THIS TIME.
[LAUGHS]
I HAVEN'T GONE FAR ENOUGH...
NOW LISTEN UP, THIS IS
THE MOMENT WE'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR.
AFTER THIS DUEL,
SATELLITE WILL BE OURS.
YOU HEAR THAT SECTOR SECURITY!
THE ENFORCERS ARE GONNA
RUN YOU OUTTA HERE.
I CAN END THIS...
[THINKING] AND I REALLY THOUGHT
I COULD.
I WAS NAIVE AND WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
I LET YOU DOWN... BUT
I'VE LEARNED MY LESSON
AND I WON'T LET THAT
HAPPEN AGAIN.
IF I COULD GO BACK
AND DO IT ALL OVER I WOULD.
JUST LIKE YOU RISKED EVERYTHING
FOR ME THAT DAY...
YUSEI, WE'RE BROS...
I'M NOW HERE TO RISK
EVERYTHING FOR YOU.
Trudge: YUSEI'S GOT
THE UPPER HAND...
[THINKING] ...BUT
FOR HOW LONG...
Kalin: I PLACE
3 CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOVE!
FIRST I'LL LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND THEN I'LL TRIGGER
THE TRAP LIMIT IMPULSE!
NOW BY SENDING TWO CARDS
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD
I CAN SUMMON
TWO SOUL TOKENS!
AND THEN BY RELEASING
THESE TWO TOKENS
I CAN ADVANCE SUMMON
DARK TUNER NIGHTMARE HAND!
Duel runner computer:
WHEN DARK TUNER NIGHTMARE HAND
IS SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED,
YOU CAN SUMMON ONE LEVEL TWO
MONSTER FROM YOUR HAND.
KALIN MUST BE GOING
FOR HIS HANDLESS COMBO!
AND WITH ONE CARD LEFT
HE'S ALMOST GOT IT.
SORRY OLD FRIEND
BUT BY ACTIVATING
MY DARK TUNER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
THERE IS
NO MORE "ALMOST"...
I SUMMON INFERNITY DWARF
IN ATTACK MODE!
OH NO, HIS HAND'S EMPTY...
Kalin: NOW IT'S TIME
FOR MY HANDLESS COMBO
TO TAKE EFFECT.
I TUNE MY LEVEL 10
DARK TUNER NIGHTMARE HAND
WITH MY LEVEL 2
INFERNITY DWARF
IN ORDER TO DARK SYNCHRO SUMMON
ONE HUNDRED EYED-DRAGON!
WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
[THINKING] NOT THAT...
AREN'T YOU GLAD
TO SEE HIM AGAIN?
I KNOW I AM ESPECIALLY SINCE
YOUR MAX WARRIOR'S SO WEAK.
IT LOOKS LIKE I'M
GOING TO GET MY REVENGE
SOONER THAN I ANTICIPATED.
GO INFERNITY SIGHT STREAM!
[GROANING]
THAT ATTACK JUST
PUT KALIN BACK IN
THE DRIVER'S SEAT.
YUSEI BETTER
GET A PLAN AND FAST!
YOU CAN DO IT!
TRUST ME WHEN I SAY
THE WORST IS YET TO COME.
WELL THEN I BETTER
ACT FAST.
I PLAY THE TRAP
REVIVAL TICKET!
NOW FOR EVERY MONSTER
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
IF I DESTROY ONE CARD
ON MY FIELD
I CAN POWER UP
MY LIFE POINTS.
AND THEN
I CAN BRING BACK
ALL MY MONSTERS
THAT WERE DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
SO SAY HELLO AGAIN
TO MAX WARRIOR!
YOU CAN'T!
BUT I CAN KALIN
AND BECAUSE
I DESTROYED MY TRAP CARD
LIMITER BREAKER EARLIER,
I'M NOW GONNA
USE ITS EFFECT
TO SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR
TO MY FIELD.
YUSEI'S THE BEST!
I HATE TO ADMIT IT LEO,
BUT YOU MIGHT BE RIGHT.
YOU ALWAYS WERE
THE CLEVER ONE WEREN'T YOU?
BUT HOW DO YOU
PLAN ON OVERPOWERING
MY ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON?
JUST... WATCH!
[THINKING] KALIN'S RIGHT
ABOUT MY TWO WARRIORS
NOT BEING STRONG ENOUGH
TO STAND UP
AGAINST HIS
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON.
BUT WHOEVER SAID
THEY WOULD HAVE TO...
NOT ME...
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
OF SACRIFICE!
NOW WHEN THE TOTAL
ATTACK POINTS
OF THE MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD
ARE LESS THAN YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS,
I GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS.
THING IS, I CAN'T
SUMMON OR CHANGE
THE BATTLE MODE OF
ANY OF MY MONSTERS THEN.
[LAUGHS]
YUSEI, YOU'VE LEFT YOURSELF
WIDE OPEN, REVENGE IS MINE!
DON'T BE SO SURE KALIN,
REMEMBER DUE TO
THE TRAP I ACTIVATED
I NOW GET TO DRAW TWO
NEW CARDS FROM MY DECK
SINCE MY WARRIORS
AREN'T AS STRONG
AS YOUR DRAGON.
IT'S MY MOVE THEN!
AND I THINK I'LL
PLAY A FACEDOWN!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH ENABLES IT
TO ABSORB THE POWERS
OF A DARK ATTRIBUTE MONSTER
IN MY GRAVEYARD!
AND THE MONSTER I'M CHOOSING
IS INFERNITY NECROMANCER.
NOW THAT I HAVE
NO MORE CARDS IN MY HAND,
I CAN SUMMON OUT
INFERNITY ARCHFIEND!
THAT'S EXACTLY
THE MOVE I WAS
HOPING YOU WOULD MAKE!
SINCE YOU SUMMONED
A MONSTER
THE EFFECT OF
SLIP SUMMON ACTIVATES...
AND THAT MEANS
I CAN SUMMON
ONE LEVEL
4-OR-BELOW MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
IN DEFENSE MODE!
SO I'M CALLING ON
GHOST GARDNA!
[CHUCKLES] IT MAKES
NO DIFFERENCE
WHO YOU CALL ON
BECAUSE THERE'S
NOTHING YOU CAN DO
TO ESCAPE THE POWER OF MY
ONE HUNDRED-EYED DRAGON!
NOW SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR SPEED WARRIOR!
MY WARRIOR'S NOT
GOING ANYWHERE!
SEE BY ACTIVATING
GARDNA'S SPECIAL ABILITY
I CAN MAKE IT THE TARGET
OF YOUR ATTACK!
QUITE THE NIFTY MANEUVER,
BUT LET'S SEE HOW
IT MATCHES UP
AGAINST THIS ONE.
I ACTIVATE ONE HUNDRED-EYED
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH ENABLES ME
TO CHANNEL
MY INFERNITY DWARF'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
AND SINCE I HAVE
NO CARDS IN MY HAND,
WHEN MY MONSTER ATTACKS
A MONSTER IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
TAKE A DIRECT HIT!
[SCREAMING]
[LAUGHS]
YUSEI!
IT LOOKS LIKE YOUR GAME
IS SPINNING OUT OF
CONTROL...[LAUGHS]
BUT NOW THAT
YOU'RE BACK ON TRACK,
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR ME TO GET SERIOUS
AND SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL.